docs: document the use of `this` in template expression syntax (#61250)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/templates/expression-syntax.md

Angular expressions are evaluated within the context of the component class as well as any relevant [template variables](/guide/templates/variables), locals, and globals.

> When referring to class members, `this` is always implied. If necessary, it's also possible to explicitly reference a class member using `this`. But this should only be needed if the binding is shadowed, e.g. by a `@let` declaration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When referring to class members, `this` is always implied. If necessary, it's also possible to explicitly reference a class member using `this`. This can be useful when creating an `@let` declaration that shadows a class member, eg for signal narrowing purposes. 
```

wdyt of phrasing it with a purpose ?

Reviewer 2: I think that's a good idea. Added to Jeremy's change.

> When referring to class members, `this` is always implied. If necessary, it's also possible to explicitly reference a class member using `this`. But this should only be needed if the binding is shadowed, e.g. by a `@let` declaration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When referring to component class members, `this` is always implied. However, if a template declares a [template variables](guide/templates/variables) with the same name as a member, the variable shadows that member. You can unambiguously reference such a class member by explicitly using `this.`.
```
